Do you support an increase in the retirement age for both women and men (e.g. to 67)?
Do you think it is fundamentally right that the state should financially support the provision of childcare for working parents (through tax allowances or subsidies)?
Would you welcome the introduction of a "degressive" daily allowance for unemployment insurance (i.e. the daily allowance would decline as the period of unemployment grows)?
Should a 24-week period of "parental leave" be introduced in addition to the existing maternity insurance benefits?
Should there be an expansion in state support benefits for families on low incomes?
The disability insurance system no longer provides for disability benefits to be paid for pain disorders that cannot be objectively proved (e.g. as a result of whiplash injury). Do you approve?
Would you support a national hospital planning scheme even if it might lead to the closure of hospitals?
A popular initiative has been launched that proposes setting up a uniform public insurance fund to cover basic healthcare needs. Do you support this idea?
Do you think it's right that certain forms of alternative medicine are once again to be reimbursed under the basic healthcare system?
Should a higher deductible be paid by people who do not wish to join a doctors' network (i.e. one that forms part of a managed care system) but instead want to retain the freedom to choose which doctor they see?
Do you support the harmonization of curriculum planning between the cantons (e.g. via the "Lehrplan 21" project in German-speaking Switzerland or the "Plan d'études romand" project in French-speaking Switzerland)?
Do you approve of schools allowing pupils to be exempted from individual subjects or events on religious grounds (e.g. PE/swimming, school trips, sex education lessons, etc.)?
Under the integrated schooling concept, children with learning difficulties or disabilities are generally taught in regular school classes. Do you approve of this idea?
Should the economic benefits of research projects be taken more into account when it comes to the allocation of public funding?
Are you in favour of legalizing the status of sans papiers immigrants (i.e. immigrants who have no official paperwork) through a one-off, collective granting of residency permits?
Would you support foreigners who have lived for at least ten years in Switzerland being given voting and electoral rights at municipal level throughout Switzerland?
Should the state provide more funding for the integration of foreigners?
Should access to "facilitated naturalization" via the Federation be made more difficult?
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) is seeking host countries for groups of refugees known as "quota refugees". Should Switzerland accept more of these groups?
A popular initiative has been launched that wants to regulate immigration and thus limit migration-related population growth to 0.2% annually. Do you support this idea?
Should same-sex couples who have registered their partnership be able to adopt children?
Should Switzerland legalize the consumption of hard and soft drugs as well as the possession of such drugs for personal consumption?
Having an abortion within the first 12 weeks of pregnancy is not punishable by law in Switzerland. Do you approve?
Would you support the right of doctors in Switzerland to help someone die with impunity?
Would you support the introduction of a woman's quota for the Boards of Directors of listed companies?
Switzerland has relatively strict rules when it comes to medically assisted reproduction. Should these be relaxed?
Should Switzerland abolish the right of foreign citizens to obtain a "lump-sum" fiscal arrangement in all cantons?
Would you essentially welcome greater restriction on the tax competition that applies between the cantons?
A popular initiative is seeking to eliminate the disadvantage suffered by married couples in the area of tax and pensions as compared to other forms of civil partnership (the “marriage penalty”). The proposed change would still see married couples viewed as a single economic unit and their income taxes jointly, but a “splitting model” would eliminate their current disadvantages. Do you support this idea?
Are cuts in federal taxes over the next four years something you believe should be a priority?
Should the acquisition of owner-occupied residential property be promoted through tax allowances for construction savings?
Would you support the introduction of a monthly minimum wage of CHF 3,800 (for a 100% / 40-hour working week) for everyone in Switzerland?
Are you in favour of the complete liberalization of shop opening times (i.e. shops would be able to choose their own opening times)?
Should companies with more than 250 employees be obliged to offer jobs to disabled people?
Would you support the introduction of the automatic exchange of bank client data between Switzerland and foreign tax authorities?
Should Swiss Post be obliged to maintain a comprehensive post office network throughout Switzerland?
A recently launched popular initiative is proposing to limit the maximum salary that can be earned in a company to 12 times the lowest salary (the "1:12" initiative). Do you support this idea?
The Federal Council wants to introduce tighter regulation (i.e. more rigorous equity capital guidelines) for system-relevant large banks in Switzerland that goes beyond international standards in this area (in an attempt to address the "too big to fail" problem). Do you support this idea?
Some 1% of direct payments to Swiss agriculture currently go to organic farming operations. Should this proportion be increased at the expense of standard farming operations as part of Switzerland's 2014-2017 agricultural policy?
Should Switzerland replace the free milk market by introducing a centralized supply-regulating body for milk production?
Should the current moratorium on genetically modified plants and animals in Swiss agriculture be extended beyond 2013?
The Federal Council is seeking to make Switzerland completely free of nuclear energy by 2034 at the latest (i.e. existing nuclear power plants will be decommissioned and no new ones will be built). Do you support this idea?
Would you support the introduction of a CO2 tax on fuel if Switzerland were to fail to meet its own climate protection targets?
The "countryside initiative" is calling for the overall area in Switzerland dedicated to building zones to be limited to its current level for the next 20 years. Do you support this idea?
Would you support the relaxing of legislation protecting large predators (lynx, wolves, bears)?
Should legislation on environmental protection be relaxed to allow for the building and expansion of wind farms, solar power stations, and hydroelectric plants?
Should rail users contribute more in the future – in the form of higher ticket prices – to the costs of expanding and maintaining the rail network?
Should the more heavily-used sections of Swiss motorways (e.g. Berne-Zurich and Lausanne-Geneva) be expanded?
Would you support the closure of the Gotthard road tunnel for trans-Alpine heavy goods vehicle traffic once NEAT is opened in 2017?
A popular initiative is calling for the Federal Council to be directly elected by the Swiss people. Do you support this idea?
Should popular initiatives be declared invalid if their entry into force would lead to infringement of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR)?
Should the financing of political parties as well as the financing of electoral and referendum campaigns be openly declared?
Should young Swiss be able to choose between military service and alternative civilian service?
The Federal Council is seeking to scale down the army from its current level of 190’000  soldiers to a level of 80’000. Do you support this idea? 
There has been an increasing tightening of rules on the acquisition and possession of weapons in recent years. Do you welcome this development?
In the future, should juvenile criminal law place greater emphasis on longer periods of detention in closed institutions than on re-socialization measures?
Do you think the Army should undertake policing tasks within Switzerland (e.g. protecting embassies and consulates, carrying out border protection work, and policing major events like the World Economic Forum in Davos)?
Should the powers of the security services be increased to include "preventative" supervision of communication by post, e-mail and telephone?
Should Switzerland embark on negotiations in the next four years to join the EU? 
Should Switzerland conclude an agricultural free trade agreement with the EU?
Do you support the existing agreement with the EU on the free movement of peoples?
Today, the Swiss Army can take part in UN or OSCE peace-keeping missions abroad, armed for self-defence purposes. Do you approve?
For a number of years, Switzerland has pursued a more active and open foreign policy that is less geared to strict neutrality. Do you welcome this change?
Should compliance with human rights play a greater role when deciding whether to enter into economic agreements with other countries (e.g. free trade agreements)?
Public security
National defence
Development aid
Public transport
Roadworks
Environmental protection and land planning
Education and research
Promotion of culture
Socio-political measures
Agriculture
Financial equalization / reduction of cantonal differences
